# Data Collection

## Rice yield data
We processed rice yields and management practices data collected from Saedullman, which is an agricultural corporation located in coastal reclaimed land in Season, the largest single rice field in Korea. Data consisted of field area, fertilizer amount, fertilized date, transplanting date, variety, harvested date, and yield from 2018 to 2023. The yield record used a sampling approach, measuring yield from 5 sample locations per rice variety. This approach is based on the assumption that the same variety exhibits similar yields. Rice paddy data was limited in coastal reclaimed land, Saedullman; it has the potential to show climate-salinity impact in coastal regions. For extending data, we also utilized Statistics Korea data to cover the whole Seosan rice yield, with data collection beginning in 1997. Detailed harvesting practices and treatment schedules were able to match with specific fields through the cadastral map provided by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. It helped track rice growth and interaction with various environmental factors.

## Salinity data
We utilized two data platforms to collect salinity records of the desalinated lake that irrigates rice paddies: from the Korea Rural Community Corporation and the Ministry of Environment. The salinity measurement points and observation duration differed between the two systems, allowing them to complement each other. Korea Rural Community Corporation has measured salinity every day at three points since 2017. In this research, we used the mean value of the three points. The Ministry of Environment collects it once a month at one point since 1997, which covers a longer period than the Korea Rural Community Corporation. The salinity of the reservoir is determined by the accumulation of past salinity levels and the influence of weather conditions. Since each month's salinity reflects these accumulated effects, it is sufficient to examine the salinity for a given month without the need to sum values from previous months. Salinity's negative impacts on rice appeared when it exceeded the threshold of 1500 ppm. Identifying what a threshold is and how it changes, we lined up the salinity value and analyzed the threshold by excluding the lowest value.

## Meteorological data
Monthly precipitation and temperature daily data were collected through the Korea Meteorological Administration Automated Synoptic Observing System (KMA ASOS). There are 105 KMA ASOS stations to cover the Republic of Korea, including Seosan station. Salinity collecting points are 20 km from Seosan station. Considering the time gap between precipitation and salinity, we accumulated precipitation to analyze the correlation among them. For example, May precipitation with 5 months accumulated means a sum of rainfall from January to May.